## How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User needs can be interpreted by consulting with the client and tester. During such meetings, the client will be prompted to describe their ideal product and its features. Testers will be prompted to provide input on how these features could be technically executed. User stories provide a comprehensive explanation and pass/fail standards for each of these features by creating a mission statement of the feature, and listing what the feature should have or be able to do.


## How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When developing programs through the Scrum-agile framework, I will remember to consult all team members for different kinds of input. I would consult the Scrum Master on what I could do to increase my efficiency or improve my approach to certain workloads. I would consult the Product Owner on what I need to complete before the deliverable is sent to the client. I would consult the Developer on what needs to be programmed, has been programmed, or what needs to be fixed. I would consult the Tester to see how the program is working and what needs to be changed. Lastly, I would consult the client to see how they want the product to work/look and keep in touch with them along all phases of the project. Overall, I hope to incorporate Scrum-agile organization and communication in my future development work. These two factors help teams establish clear timelines/objectives but also help when changes need to be made too.


## What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development involves a balance between technical expertise, professionalism, and communication. A good team member should be technically adept enough to understand or program the inner workings of a project. Additionally, they should respect others and value all kinds of input. Lastly, they should be able to voice opinions or ideas that could aid the project, and to ask questions or ask for help when needed. Good team members realize that products are not successfully delivered without participating in team efforts and working to produce the best quality work.
